when I was in active service. Um, you start off at South South Carolina.
We were going to school, and basically I had no responsibilities.
Just learn. Once I was at prototype in New York. Um, then you actually,
like dealing with moving switches and turning knobs and trying
to understand things, trying to change things. Um, after that, we went
toe USS John C. Stennis, and that's when you became an operator,
but a new entry level operator. Um, by the time I left there, after
three years, I was a senior level operator, and I was actually, um,
doing lpo responsibilities for the rest of the rest of the crew. So
you can see that basically, with each new city, I had a new level of
responsibility and just turned out that way. It doesn't have to be
that way, but for me, um, when I finally left after eight years of service
and I, um, became ah, Naval Reservist, I was in the position
toe to be a first class and a chief at that time, and my whole entire
experience had kind of been leading up to that point